Payables - added code snippets (#913)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/payables/payments.md

In case of **partial payments**, use the same endpoint and adjust the `amount` values according to the amount of the partial payment.

> It is important to note that when paying a bill the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When paying a bill, pay attention to the following:
```

        ID: "bd9e85e0-0478-433d-ae9f-0b3c4f04bfe4"
      },
      TotalAmount: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("135.85"),
      Currency: syncforpayables.String("USD"),
      CurrencyRate: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("1"),
      Date: "2023-04-17T00:00:00",
      Lines: []shared.BillPaymentLine{
        shared.BillPaymentLine{
          Amount: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("135.85"),
          Links: []shared.BillPaymentLineLink{
            shared.BillPaymentLineLink{
              Id: "59978bef-af2f-4a7e-9728-4997597c0980",
              Type: shared.BillPaymentLineLinkTypeBill,
              Amount = types.MustNewDecimalFromString("-135.85"),
              CurrencyRate = types.MustNewDecimalFromString("1")
            },
          },
        },
      },
    },
    CompanyID: companyId,
    ConnectionID: connectionID
})
```
</TabItem>

</Tabs>

### Multiple bill payment

Your SMB customer may want pay multiple bills from a single supplier using one payment. Use the [Create bill payments](/sync-for-payables-api#/operations/create-bill-payment) endpoint to do so and include a `lines` array with multiple elements for each bill and its respective amount.

<details>

> <summary><b>Integration specific examples</b></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary><b>Integration-specific examples</b></summary>
```

      LineItems: []shared.BillCreditNoteLineItem{
        shared.BillCreditNoteLineItem{
          Description: syncforpayables.String("Refund as agreed due to window break when guard absent"),
          UnitAmount: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("21.2"),
          Quantity: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("1"),
          DiscountAmount: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("0"),
          SubTotal: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("21.2"),
          TaxAmount: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("4.24"),
          TotalAmount: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("25.44"),
          AccountRef: &shared.AccountRef{
            ID: syncforpayables.String("f96c9458-d724-47bf-8f74-a9d5726465ce")
          },
          DiscountPercentage: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("0"),
          TaxRateRef: &shared.TaxRateRef(){
            ID: syncforpayables.String("INPUT2"),
            Name: syncforpayables.String("20% (VAT on Expenses)"),
            EffectiveTaxRate: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("20")
          },
          TrackingCategoryRefs: []shared.TrackingCategoryRef{}
        }
      }
    },
    CompanyID: companyID,
    ConnectionID: connectionID,
  }
)
```
</TabItem>

</Tabs>

<details>

> <summary><b>Integration specific examples</b></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary><b>Integration-specific examples</b></summary>
```

    BillPayment: &shared.BillPayment{
      SupplierRef: &shared.SupplierRef{
          ID: "3a0d40a2-2698-4cf5-b7b2-30133c632ab6",
      },
      AccountRef: &shared.AccountRef{
        ID: "94b02f61-f95f-4873-b5b7-651ff9707325"
      },
      TotalAmount: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("0.00"),
      Currency: syncforpayables.String("GBP"),
      Date: "2023-05-09T00:00:00",
      Lines: []shared.BillPaymentLine{
        shared.BillPaymentLine{
          Amount: types.MustNewDecimalFromString("45.00"),
          Links: []shared.BillPaymentLineLink{
            shared.BillPaymentLineLink{
              ID: "59978bef-af2f-4a7e-9728-4997597c0980",
              Type: shared.BillPaymentLineLinkTypeBill,
              Amount = types.MustNewDecimalFromString("-25.44"),
            },
            shared.BillPaymentLineLink{
              ID: "ee8bec08-2be8-40ba-acd0-d53d5df11235",
              Type: shared.BillPaymentLineLinkTypeCreditNote,
              Amount = types.MustNewDecimalFromString("25.44"),
            },
          },
        },
      },
    },
    CompanyID: companyID,
    ConnectionID: connectionID
})
```
</TabItem>

</Tabs>

<details>

> <summary><b>Integration specific examples</b></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary><b>Integration-specific examples</b></summary>
```
